{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf102
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset77 LucidaGrande-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset77 LucidaGrande;\f2\fnil\fcharset77 Monaco;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14840\viewh21560\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs42 \cf0 Fob
\fs32 \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs28 \cf0 Fob 1.0.4, \'a9 Leaky Puppy Software, Net Monkey, Inc.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs32 \cf0 \
Description\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs28 \cf0 Fob is a free dock-based kitchen timer for Mac OS X by Leaky Puppy Software.  It allows a user to specify possibly multiple timers to count down for a specified interval.  When an alarm runs out of time, Fob will make itself conspicuous.\
\
(Fob is not an alarm clock or stopwatch, i.e., it will not count to a particular time, nor count up.) \
\
The presence of presets is Fob's main gimmick for decreasing the effort required to start an alarm.  To draw an analogy to web browsers, they are a kind of time bookmark for commonly used alarms.  For example, I may define a six minute preset to let tea steep.  Thence, I need only choose "Tea" from my preset list, and I never need deal with a neglected lukewarm cup in my microwave again.  Starting a preset alarm requires only one mouse click rather than many clicks and typing. \
\
Fob thus appeals to the unspeakably lazy and undisciplined.  Needless to say I will make several million dollars. \
\
I wrote Fob as an exercise in Cocoa and Objective-C programming.  This was my first serious attempt to create a Macintosh software product at least ambiguously suitable for public consumption.  As I wrote it largely as a project to teach myself, I have released it as open source under the terms of the GPL in the hope that others can learn from it.\
\
Fob is free in both the code and monetary sense.  As it is about the 100th product to do the exact same thing, it had better be, I suppose.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs32 \cf0 Requirements
\f1\b0\fs28 \
\
Fob requires Mac OS X.  I wrote and built Fob on Mac OS X 10.2.3 through 10.3.5.  According to some people, it works on Mac OS X 10.1 and higher.  It does not work on 10.0.x.\
\

\f0\b\fs32 Files & Installation & Deinstallation\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs28 \cf0 \
Fob technically requires only the application "Fob" to run.  Fob will create a 
\f2 com.LeakyPuppy.Fob.plist
\f1  file in your user preferences directory, usually 
\f2 ~/Library/Preferences/
\f1 .  Fob should not create any other files.  To uninstall Fob, delete the application; if you really want you can delete that preferences file as well.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs32 \cf0 Warranty & License\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs28 \cf0 I have made Fob's executable and source code available under the GNU GPL.  A copy of the warranty and license for Fob are provided under 
\f2 WARRANTY.txt
\f1  and 
\f2 COPYING.txt
\f1 , respectively.  The source should have come with this distribution.  If the source did not come with the distribution, the source code is available at this URL:\
\
	
\f2 http://homepage.mac.com/tfinley/LeakyPuppy/fob.html
\f1 \
\
For contact information, see later in this document.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs32 \cf0 Contact & Bug Reporting
\f1\b0 \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\fs24 \cf0 Thomas Finley\

\f0\b Email : 
\f1\b0 tfinley@mac.com
\f0\b\fs28 \

\fs24 Leaky Puppy Software Webpage : 
\f1\b0 http://homepage.mac.com/tfinley/LeakyPuppy/
\f0\b\fs28 \

\fs24 Fob Webpage : 
\f1\b0 http://homepage.mac.com/tfinley/LeakyPuppy/fob.html
\f0\b\fs28 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
When reporting bugs or undesirable behavior, please attempt to duplicate the bug while your "Console" application (in the Utilities folder) is running.  This often captures valuable information that can help me diagnose a problem.  Note that I typically find those Apple bug reports next to useless.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs32 \cf0 Contributors & Acknowledgments
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\fs28 \cf0 \
When I released the source to Fob I didn't imagine anyone would actually look at the source, let along contribute to Fob.\
\'a5 Thomas Finley (tfinley@mac.com) is the primary author of Fob.  That's me!\
\'a5 Jon Zap (glasspiral-jon@yahoo.com) tracked down and fixed a bug that caused Fob to crash under some circumstances when modifying the alarm sound for a deleted alarm, and also contributed code that fixed interface incompatibilities when alarms were deleted.\
\'a5 Jean Duffas (jduffas@free.fr) contributed a French localization.\
\'a5 GP (gerald.axone@wanadoo.fr) helped with additional French translations.\
\'a5 Charles Giraudet contributed to the French localization.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\fs32 \cf0 History\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs28 \cf0 \
This shows what was added or changed over versions.\
\
	1.0.4, October 20, 2004\
\'a5\'caFob now has the ability to quickly start one-shot timers through the keyboard.\
\'a5\'caAlarms may be set to repeat.\
\'a5 Now when Rewind is hit with no alarm selected, Fob will rewind the alarm that most recently ran out of time.\
\'a5 The dock menu no longer must display preset and current alarms in submenus.  See preferences.\
\'a5 Added the ability to clear due alarms upon quit.  See preferences.\
\'a5 When a running alarm is selected, the time display would change as the alarm displayed.  Unfortunately when one deselected an alarm, the most recently selected alarm would still have its time displayed and updated, which meant you had to select a preset, paused, or due alarm before you could even define a new time.  Now when you deselect an alarm, it no longer updates its time in the view.\
\'a5 Fixed problems whereby Fob would mishandle operations on an alarm if there was another alarm that happened to have the exact same time remaining down to the millisecond.\
\
	1.0.3, July 27, 2004\
\'a5 Added French localization (see acknowledgments).\
\'a5 The "file" done action can now open any file, not just play song files.  If this is a ".scpt" file, then it will be run as an AppleScript, allowing essentially arbitrary alarms.\
\'a5 Command-Q can be disabled for quitting if you run Fob as a background app.\
\'a5 Alarms may now be "rewound," that is, restarted with the same time they had when they were originally started.\
\'a5 Fixed a problem whereby certain actions would not be accessible in the miniature view.\
\
	1.0.2, April 18, 2004\
\'a5 Added the ability to pause and restart active alarms.\
\'a5 The menu bar alarm display may now optionally show only the time rather than the name and time of the latest alarm.\
\'a5 The dock icon's time display may be scaled up to fill the space for shorter time strings for those of you with smaller dock icons.\
\'a5 A bug that caused Fob to crash when changing the sound for an alarm that was recently deleted is fixed (see acknowledgments).\
\
	1.0.1, May 22, 2003\
\'a5 Fixed a bug that would not allow Fob to start when running on pre-Jaguar OS X!\
\'a5 Worked around a bug in pre-Jaguar OS X (the OS itself, not my application) that made the dock menu useless.\
\
	1.0, May 18, 2003\
\'a5 Added the ability to display the time of the latest alarm in the menu bar (see preferences).\
\
	1.0b5, March 31, 2003\
\'a5 A small issue that prevented the alarm from sounding under some circumstances fixed.\
\'a5 The positions of the split panes will now be preserved.\
\
	1.0b4, February 9, 2003\
\'a5 Memory issues related to alarms with custom alert sounds fixed.\
\'a5 Improved compatibility issue with adding presets, and pre-Jaguar versions of OS\'caX.\
\
	1.0b3, January 31, 2003\
\'a5 The ability to have an alarm play a system sound or audio file.\
\'a5 The zoom (+ or green) button will toggle between the main window and a greatly abbreviated version of the window.\
\
	1.0b2, January 23, 2003\
\'a5 Bouncing dock icon behavior.\
\'a5 The ability to keep the window visible in the background.\
\
	1.0b1, January 21, 2003\
This was the initial public release of Fob.\
}